at Carvana.
>>> THING ONE TONIGHT EARLIER at Carvana.
>>> THING ONE TONIGHT EARLIER THIS WEEK WE TOLD YOU ABOUT A
THIS WEEK WE TOLD YOU ABOUT A MEETING THAT WHITE HOUSE WHERE A
MEETING THAT WHITE HOUSE WHERE A FEW REALLY STRANGE THINGS
FEW REALLY STRANGE THINGS HAPPENED.
HAPPENED. FIRST, THE PRESIDENT CALLED HIS
FIRST, THE PRESIDENT CALLED HIS DAUGHTER AND ADVISOR, HONEY IN
DAUGHTER AND ADVISOR, HONEY IN FRONT OF EVERYBODY AND AWKWARDLY
FRONT OF EVERYBODY AND AWKWARDLY SORT OF WRESTLED WITH HER AND
SORT OF WRESTLED WITH HER AND THEN HE TRIED TO PRAISE TIM COOK
THEN HE TRIED TO PRAISE TIM COOK AND GOT CONFUSED ABOUT HIS NAME.
AND GOT CONFUSED ABOUT HIS NAME. TIM, YOU’RE EXPANDING ALL OVER
TIM, YOU’RE EXPANDING ALL OVER AND DOING THINGS I REAL A WANTED
AND DOING THINGS I REAL A WANTED TO FROM THE BEGINNING.
TO FROM THE BEGINNING. I USED TO SAY TIM YOU GOT TO
I USED TO SAY TIM YOU GOT TO START DOING IT OVER HERE.
START DOING IT OVER HERE. YOU PUT A BIG INVESTMENT.
YOU PUT A BIG INVESTMENT. WE APPRECIATE IT VERY MUCH, TIM
WE APPRECIATE IT VERY MUCH, TIM APPLE.
APPLE. >> TIM COOK, NOT TIM APPLE HAD
>> TIM COOK, NOT TIM APPLE HAD TO KEEP SITTING THERE AND
TO KEEP SITTING THERE AND NODDING.
NODDING. >> HUMAN TRAFFICKING IS A
>> HUMAN TRAFFICKING IS A DISASTER.
DISASTER. IT’S BEEN GOING ON FOR A MILLION
IT’S BEEN GOING ON FOR A MILLION YEARS ACTUALLY.
YEARS ACTUALLY. IT’S BEEN GOING ON FOR A LONG
IT’S BEEN GOING ON FOR A LONG TIME.
TIME. BUT WE’VE SEEN IT, WE’VE SPOTTED
BUT WE’VE SEEN IT, WE’VE SPOTTED IT.
IT. >> NOBODY KNEW ANYTHING ABOUT IT
>> NOBODY KNEW ANYTHING ABOUT IT UNTIL RECENTLY.
UNTIL RECENTLY. IT’S BEEN GOING ON FOR A MILLION
IT’S BEEN GOING ON FOR A MILLION YEARS.
YEARS. IT’S ALWAYS AMAZING WHEN DONALD
IT’S ALWAYS AMAZING WHEN DONALD TRUMP LEARN AS WELL KNOWN FACT
TRUMP LEARN AS WELL KNOWN FACT THAT EVERYBODY ALREADY KNOWS AND
Vicks Sinex, Breathe On
>>> WE LEARNED RECENTLY THAT
>>> WE LEARNED RECENTLY THAT DONALD TRUMP THREATENED TO SUE
DONALD TRUMP THREATENED TO SUE HIS FORMER SCHOOL IF THEY EVER
HIS FORMER SCHOOL IF THEY EVER LET HIS GRADES OR CRYPTS BE MADE
LET HIS GRADES OR CRYPTS BE MADE PUBLIC.
PUBLIC. IT SEEMS HE MAY HAVE BEEN SUCH A
IT SEEMS HE MAY HAVE BEEN SUCH A GREAT STUDENT.
GREAT STUDENT. JUST LOOK LAT THE THINGS HE’S
JUST LOOK LAT THE THINGS HE’S LEARNED SINCE BECOMING PRESIDENT
LEARNED SINCE BECOMING PRESIDENT NOBODY KNEW BEFORE.
NOBODY KNEW BEFORE. >> IF YOU GO BACK TO THE CIVIL
>> IF YOU GO BACK TO THE CIVIL WAR T IT WAS THE REPUBLICANS
WAR T IT WAS THE REPUBLICANS THAT REALLY DID THE THING.
THAT REALLY DID THE THING. >> NOBODY KNEW HEALTH CARE COULD
>> NOBODY KNEW HEALTH CARE COULD BE SO COMPLICATED.
BE SO COMPLICATED. PEOPLE DONT REALIZE WE’RE AN
PEOPLE DONT REALIZE WE’RE AN UNBELIEVABLY DIVIDED COUNTRY.
UNBELIEVABLY DIVIDED COUNTRY. PEOPLE DONT KNOW THIS ABOUT IRAQ
PEOPLE DONT KNOW THIS ABOUT IRAQ BUT THEY HAVE AMONG THE HIGHEST
BUT THEY HAVE AMONG THE HIGHEST OIL RESERVES IN THE WORLD.
OIL RESERVES IN THE WORLD. BECOME A VERY WELL USED WORD AND
BECOME A VERY WELL USED WORD AND A LOT OF PEOPLE DONT KNOW WHAT
A LOT OF PEOPLE DONT KNOW WHAT IT MEANS.
IT MEANS. PEOPLE DON’T REALIZE WHAT A BIG
PEOPLE DON’T REALIZE WHAT A BIG COUNTRY MEXICO IS.
COUNTRY MEXICO IS. PEOPLE DON’T REALIZE THE GREAT
PEOPLE DON’T REALIZE THE GREAT ABRAHAM LINCOLN WAS A
ABRAHAM LINCOLN WAS A REPUBLICAN.
REPUBLICAN. MOST PEOPLE DON’T EVEN KNOW HE
MOST PEOPLE DON’T EVEN KNOW HE WAS A REPUBLICAN.
WAS A REPUBLICAN. DOES ANYBODY KNOW?
DOES ANYBODY KNOW? >> A LOT OF PEOPLE UNDERSTAND
>> A LOT OF PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THAT, SOME PEOPLE DON’T.
THAT, SOME PEOPLE DON’T. I WENT TO AN IVY LEAGUE COLLEGE.
I WENT TO AN IVY LEAGUE COLLEGE. I WAS A NICE STUDENT, I DID VERY